How will we solve it?
We will solve this by creating a story.
And why?
Basically because it is
ultra-proven that if stories
catch us, stories are easy
to follow, stories are
easy to remember.
So, all those messages we will
give them a thread, we will give
them a script through a story.
We will use the structure that Donald
Miller proposes, which you have
on screen, has seven steps.
He has called it the model or framework
of the seven steps of StoryBrand.
This really wasn't invented
by him.
These seven steps are the seven
steps that almost every movie,
almost every book, etc. follow.
Why is?
Because it is proven that when
a story has these components,
these phases, it clings us.
We want to get to the end.
This is what we will
do in our company's communications.
What we have to do is create a
story in which the customer is
at the center and we are helping
him to visualize how we will
help him, how we will solve
his problems.
Let's quickly see what stages
or components every story
has to have.
You have to have a protagonist.
Let's think of a movie.
Every film has a protagonist.
The protagonist is not your brand,
the protagonist is your customer.
The actor has some problems.
The problem is the hook.
You think of a movie.
If there were no problems, we'
t be watching the movie.
Think of an action movie.
A problem quickly arises.
There must be a guide.
The protagonist meets something
or someone who helps him, which
in this case you will be.
Your brand should be the guide that
helps solve those problems.
In the movies, it's usually
someone else, etc.
This guide is to define a plan
of action.
Things don't change from night to
morning.
You always have to take
a few steps to make things
change.
The plan of action will be
determined by us.
These are the steps that
the customer will ask for.
This action usually ends
in a call to action.
That is, the guide what he does is
ask the client, demand him a
certain commitment to do something about it.
And really stories matter to us
or interest us because there is
something at stake and we go to
the last two parts.
That is, depending on whether
things are going wrong,
in a movie it may be, what is
at stake in an action movie?
The protagonist dies his
family, exploits the bomb,
ends up in a war, etc.
The conflict is resolved, etc.
I think you already understand where I am going.
And we have to be able to visualize
our client, the protagonist,
the hero of the story who
is what he will get, what
the benefit he will get or
what failures or risks he
will avoid if he buys
our product.
You already know what the structure is.
Now, let's go to the practical part.
How will we apply this?
What we will do is use the framework,
the model, the Story Brand
canvas that you will be able
to download and what we
will do is apply our company
and fill it.
It can be filled directly in the
online ornator.
We have to do that analysis of
going point by point, analyzing
each of the blogs, how it affects
us, how to improve it, etc.
Why do I love models?
Because it helps you think.
They help you not to have
to face a white garlic.
If you had now to write all the
messages on the web, all the
ads, etc., the texts with a
lot of creativity and also you
often make many mistakes
because things don't make
sense, etc.
This will help us to have a guide
through which to filter absolutely
all the messages that we will
incorporate into the different
supports, such as web,
ads, emails, pdf, etc.
But first we need to do this
exercise.
We have to define what history is.
We have to work well.
It is something I recommend.
This is something we will
learn in the next classes.
And once we have very clear what
is the history of our company,
the protagonist, what is what
he wants, what are the problems
we will help him solve, how we
will position us as someone
who can help him, what we will
ask him, what are the next steps,
how we will transmit that trust
and make him see how we will
help him, how he will change
his life, what is in play,
what happens if you buy
us, what happens if
you don't buy us.
When we have all this clear,
we will improve the website
a lot, we will improve all
the ads you make and every time
you have to write a copy,
a text that goes to a customer,
has to pass, has to be
filtered by this story.